hi-oh folks so I'm gonna make some new
putting green right here a little part
of my lawn here so what I've got is this
the edge then garden edging basically to
keep all the other stuff out because you
don't want to get mixed with other
aggressed and you know you're putting
green will be ruined and also I've got
some weed blockers you're going to lay
on top I've got some garden soil and
I've also got some Bank grass I ordered
online I'll have links on where you can
order it basically I'm going to dig it
up and then make sure it's it's a little
bit more level because it's kind of on a
hill I don't know if you can see there
you go so that's what I'm going to do
and hopefully I'll dig it up and get rid
of all the top lawn because it's kind of
like mix of fescue and all this other
stuff you don't want on a putting green
and I'm just going to hopefully I'm just
going to real ants keep it kind of and
also put those up
dig those the sides in the edges and
it's going to be a little bit sloped up
so that will edges will also hold the
soil up a little bit so let's go do it
I own folks so I've put the edging down
so I want the bottom side to be a little
bit higher and the inside too almost all
the way that way I can slope it a little
bit because it's very slow so I can
level out a little bit you still want a
little slope for the water to drain well
yeah I'm going to go dig up the rest of
it and flatten out perhaps take all the
grass out put in my compost bin over
there for now and let me go do that
I'll folks so I've dug out most of my
that backyard
that's my new putting green so now what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna since I don't
want to spend so much money on you toy
I'm going to reuse most of that soil and
just filter out all the grass and the
old weed and just put some of the soil
but now all of it and to level out
because you want to put the weed blocker
on top of it the layer to block any weed
and then I'm going to put another three
inches of garden soil on top and then
put the seeds then I put a light layer
of ass and hopefully I should have
enough soil it looks like I do so that's
my goal so let's see what happens
hi out folks so what I'm doing is now
I'm just using all the old soil because
it's going to take me impossible so I
found out was put all the soil and then
once used to start smoothing it out I'm
just using my feet it still works
then you'll you'll get these pieces out
of these big roots and then you just
throw them away
whoops mister now you just keep doing it
until it's pretty pretty even and then
we're going to put the weed blocker on
it and put some garden soil about at
Home Depot and put the seeds and we're
all ready to go so let me finish up here
but I've actually leveled it pretty good
it's not as steep as before as you can
see this levels a little bit higher it's
just perfect for putty so I'll be back
because I don't know if you can see see
that the new green I made is a little
bit less slanted than my yard which is
good so I'm going to go finish it up
I've got this weed block I'm going to
cut it in pieces so it fits perfect and
then I'm going to put some these uh
basically these are stamps for for the
weed block so they stay in and then once
that's done I'm just going to put some
natural soil all over it and put the
seeds over it and light layer of sand so
see y'all later I'll be back hiya folks
so I
got the weed blocker on here I'm going
to start putting some garden soil on top
maybe a two inches three inches maybe
three inches as much as I can and I'm
going to start putting some seed on it
let me go put on this garden soil first
see ya later I'll folks so it ended up
the three cubic feet of garden soil was
just perfect for this male so about four
five by five green anyway now I'm going
to put my bent bent grass cuz we're by
the sea right here and this is poor bent
grass I made for putting greens
the seats are tiny if I can show you oh
there we go
you can see the seeds right there anyway
I'm gonna go put these small seeds
spread them with my hand and I'm going
to put a layer of sand over it water it
and watch it grow hiya folks so I put a
ton of bent grass seeds here there's
actually a lot more than I really need I
don't know if you can see but there's a
ton of it so I'm gonna go shovel some
sand from my sand box over there and I
just put a really small layer of it just
to keep it from the Sun hitting it too
much cure see some scuffled light like
super light layer so I'm gonna go do
that I'll be back
Oh folks so I'm done I put a small layer
of sand and I use my shovel to even out
little bit farther
sand is great for evening out the little
on uneven spots anyway I'm gonna go
water it and I'll have an updated video
of how my putting green went I think it
will go well because I used to work at
the golf course and this is actually
Kentucky bluegrass
I grew last couple weeks ago this is
actually used for most fairways but uh
bent grass is the way to go for putting
green so you can't really use blue grass
is slightly a bigger type
that one's a small small kite anyway let
me go water it it's all done see you
later